[Applause]
[Music]
hey share Bentley once again down here
at the Washington County Johnson say the
animal shelter getting ready to go
inside if you got a few minutes as I
usually say come along with me this week
I started again in the cat condos and
our first visit was with Anton Arlo and
Ashton they are playful and loving 12
week old male and one female kittens
domestic Shorthairs ready to go home
with you Lee and Lincoln are a pair of
four month old male and female grade
tabbies as well they are ready to go
home with you they're ready to go home
with anybody and they are very very
playful and sweet and right now just
taking a rest max is a five month old
black and white male domestic Shorthair
he's very curious and very nice and
would make someone a wonderful pet if
that would be you come on down and visit
with max moving on to the dogs
we start with Abraham who is a nine week
old male terrier mix he's small he's
scared and he's lonely he's just getting
used to the surroundings here so to come
help him out with that or take him home
so he doesn't have to
Randy is an adult male collie mix what a
handsome handsome dog
Randy is he's kennel trained he is whip
smart and he is very very sweet no
amount of exaggeration here Randy is a
fine specimen of a dog as is mud muds a
big old boy he's a bloodhound Pyrenees
mix he's an adult and male he is large
and I would say he's in charge but he's
a little he's a little scared of the
camera and and scared of his
surroundings he needs somebody to come
down and spend some time with him and
hopefully take him home so if you're the
kind of person who has free time and can
come spend it with these animals do that
come on down and visit hang out
volunteer donate money blanket food
anything you've got they'll take it
they'll take anything you've got
especially your time if you could come
down and just show these animals some
love for a while it will last a long
time and it'll be so much better for you
than it is for them in the long run and
hopefully that love will rub off you'll
find one here that you just can't live
without and you'll take a dog home or
take a cat home or or I don't know take
a guinea pig home whatever they have
here that needs a home maybe it could be
yours so come on down thanks for
watching
[Music]